Found Audio #01: Working Undercover For the Man
Published on July 11, 2009.
[audio:http://www.hung-truong.com/blog/audio/found/Found Audio 01.mp3]
Found Audio #01: Working Undercover For the Man
Here’s the first installment of my Found Audio series of “podcasts.”
The start of my tape (at least, one side of it) featured a recorded session of Dial-a-song, They Might Be Giants’ phone song service.
You call the number and they play you a song.
Back when I recorded this, long distance phone calls were not free.
Unless, of course, you used Dialpad , the PC to Phone service that worked over 56kbps connections circa 2000!
Due to the transmission of the song from NY to phone to internet to my speakers to my portable tape recorder to my Macbook Pro, the sound quality is not the best.
This was a pretty popular dial-a-song, but not their best.
I think I had recorded another one, possibly “Hovering Sombrero.”